Projects rbac docs (#10047)
PipedreamHQ/pipedream: docs/docs/projects/README.md

:::

## Access permissions

> ### Understanding who has access to which project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Consider removing this heading, typically all headers have content underneath. I think the content alone does the job.

> We've introduced 2 new columns in the [project list view](https://pipedream.com/projects): **Owner** and **Access**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [project list view](https://pipedream.com/projects) contains **Owner** and **Access** columns.
```

Although it is a new feature, consider describing the feature as if it's been around, because eventually it will be and the docs won't change.

**Owner** indicates who within the workspace owns each project. This is typically the person who created the project.

![Project Listing (Owner)](./images/project-listing-owner.png)

::: warning Some projects may not have owners

> Projects created before February 2024 don't automatically have owners.

Reviewer: Consider adding a short sentence of a suggestion to take if your project doesn't have an owner.

If there's no recommended action, then reassure the user that this is still fine, but these are the consequences of that.

:::

> **Access** indicates who within the workspace has access to each project, and this can be displayed as "me", "Workspace", or "N members".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Access** indicates which workspace members have access to each project, and this can be displayed as "me", "Workspace", or "N members".
```

Just switching to an active voice and simplifying the subject of the sentence.

![Project Listing (Access)](./images/project-listing-access.png)

### Permissions

> For workspace members who have access to the project (either because it's shared with the entire workspace or with that member specifically), below are the permissions for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace owners and admins are able to perform all actions in projects, whereas members are restricted from performing certain actions.
```

Reviewer: Just rephrasing to introduce the idea of permissions, then letting the table below speak for itself.

> | Operations | Project creator | Workspace members |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operation | Owner or Admin | Workspace members |
```

Operation singular because each row is a single operation.

Project creator isn't a term used elsewhere, so let's reuse terms we've already defined.

Author: > Project creator isn't a term used elsewhere, so let's reuse terms we've already defined

This is a new concept that hasn't existed before. The point is that the person who creates a project (workspace member, admin, or owner) gets special rights to that project. Workspace admins and owners though always have those same rights for _all_ projects in the workspace.

Does that make sense?

| --  | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| View in [projects listing](https://pipedream.com/projects) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| View in [Event History](https://pipedream.com/event-history) | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| View in global search | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Manage project workflows | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Manage project files | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Manage project variables | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |

> | Manage project access | :white_check_mark: | :x: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage member project access | :white_check_mark: | :x: |
```

Let me know if that's not accurate, but otherwise being more specific.

Author: Yea good call. Do you think `Manage member access` is sufficient? Is it clear that we're in the context of a project? I guess same question for all of the rows where I mention **projects** explicitly. Would be nice to not be so redundant if possible.

| Manage GitHub Sync settings | :white_check_mark: | :x: |
| Delete project | :white_check_mark: | :x: |

> _Access and permissions for workspace admins and owners mirror the project creator for all projects in the workspace._

Reviewer 2: This means that admins and owners have all permissions yeah? -- could be simplified

Author: That's right. Workspace admins and owners have the same permissions for all projects in the workspace that each project owner does for that project.

Do you have any suggestions for how to simplify?

Reviewer: I added a few suggestions that might help a bit.

> _Access and permissions for workspace admins and owners mirror the project creator for all projects in the workspace._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can remove this line since the table would now say `Owners and Admins`

### Managing access

> :::tip By default, all projects are accessible to everyone in the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip By default, all projects are accessible to all workspace members.
```

> Workspaces on the [Business plan](https://pipedream.com/pricing) can restrict access to specific workspace members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspaces on the [Business plan](https://pipedream.com/pricing) can restrict members' access to specific projects.
```
